I didn't know until I read Yasmin's, I mean I knew some things. I knew that Lily Shepherd,
for example, had been involved in suffragette and she'd written stuff. She was both a Welsh nat,
Zionist, socialist and I knew she'd heard Rosa Luxemburg speak in Swansea. But read what I hadn't
known and I knew that Joe, who was one of the sons and who was a doctor in London, in fact was our
family doctor at one point, he'd been a conscientious objector in the first world war and had gone to
prison. Lily wrote a novel about, I thought it was great shame nobody did anything during this period,
about the sort of conscientious objectors in Cardiff. But there were two other brothers,
Solomon and I think Isaac, who also went to prison as conscientious objectors. And there's a quote,
she's found Yasmin Donahey, you know, there's, I can't remember what, something like the Mercer,
anyway it's a left-wing, a sort of socialist newspaper and it's, you know, sort of please
write to the Comrade Shepherd in prison to keep their spirits up or something, you know.
So they were clearly, I mean that's quite unusual. So on the one hand, you know, we were always told
it was quite a strict household, but, or observant household, but the politics, I suppose if you're a
binical scholar, you debate, whatever.